OLDER TED: In March of 2009,
I'd been dating my
high school girlfriend Karen
for a few weeks.
My friends
could not have
been less excited.
Hey, everybody.
ALL: Hello.
Sorry, we can't stay long.
(ALL EXCLAIM)
What a shame!
That is sad!
Hey,
are those real
diamond earrings?
Yes. Yes, they are. Thank you.
I didn't say
I liked them.
Oh, well, I got
a great deal on
them, so...
Cool. I'm sure all
the exploited diamond
miners in Sierra Leone
would give you a high-five
if they still had all
their fingers,
but really pretty.
Meet me upstairs.
They only need one finger
to give her what I'm thinking.
Yeah.
Ted, Karen's a douche.
Wow. Thanks for
sugarcoating it.
"Douche" is
Okay, believe it or not,
my friends do not get
a vote on who I date.
It's my life.
I call the shots.
Ted, now!
Yeah, coming!
I don't know
what Ted sees in
that horrible woman.
I mean, yeah,
she's got boobs, but...
I guess I get it.
I think it's 'cause
they met in high school.
She was his
first real girlfriend.
We look at Karen
and see a jerk.
Ted looks at Karen and sees
the first person to touch
his wiener
besides himself,
his mom and his
pediatrician.
Okay, well,
it's almost 2:00 a.m.
I better get ready for work.
How can
they call that thing
you're on a morning show?
4:00 a.m. is still
the middle of the night.
I don't see how you do it.
It's been almost a month.
I'm used to it.
Plus the show's
not half bad,
right?
Totally.
We've never seen it.
Have you guys
ever watched it?
Of course!
They've never seen it.
Really?
What is your
favorite segment?
Weather.
Never seen it.
You guys have
never seen my
show?
Sorry.
It's true.
That's what I've been saying.
Okay, yes, it's dull
and generic and we get
spanked in the ratings
by that Korean channel that
only shows Kim Jong Il
riding a horse,
but, guys,
it would mean so
much to me if just once
I knew
my friends were
out there watching.
I'll tell you what,
this Friday morning, everyone
can come to our place,
3:30 a.m.
We'll all put on PJ's.
We'll watch Robin's show.
Aw, you guys are the best.
We just want to support you.
(WHINING) I just
want to go to sleep.
I hate Robin for not
being more successful.
Hey, guys.
(ALL GROANING)
Sad announcement.
Karen broke up with me.
Go ahead.
I knew you were
listening! Yes!
(WHOOPING)
(CHEERING)
Hey, hey,
we shouldn't
be celebrating.
Ted's just been
through a bad breakup.
Look, buddy,
tell us everything.
Tell us what happened.
Seriously,
spare no details.
What did she say?
What did you say?
How did it feel?
If you were to do it again,
all over, would you maybe...
How did it happen?
(SCOFFS) It was
the stupidest thing.
I mean, we
were just hanging out,
you know, being funny.
You're the fan
of 2002 Chiantis.
Ew! No, you're the
fan of 2002 Chiantis.
Wait. What is this?
Looks like one
of Robin's earrings.
Huh! That's weird.
You're the fan...
How did it get in your bed?
I don't know.
Have you been
sleeping with
Robin?
What?
No, of course not!
It probably
got mixed in with
the laundry or something.
Why should I believe you?
Um, maybe because
I've always been
faithful to you,
while
you've cheated on me,
like, six times, bitch.
(ALL EXCLAIMING)
Snap!
Cold-blooded!
Right? Right?
Yeah, I totally
should have said that.
Why should I believe you?
Um, maybe
because I've always been
faithful to you, while you...
I love you.
I knew this was a mistake.
That's it. It's over.
And that was it. She left.
(SIGHS) What a story.
So brave of you to
share that.
Wait.
Those are
your pajamas?
You sleep in
a pajama suit?
Of course.
What do you
think I sleep in?
A coffin.
Dude, that doesn't
look comfortable
at all.
You're wearing a tie.
First of all,
it's a sleeping cravat.
Second,
it's not about comfort.
It's about looking good
all the time.
Why do you have to
look good all the time?
Marshall, let
me tell you a little
story about something
that happened
a couple of months back.
(DOORBELL RINGING)
Hi.
We were just having a
"Who's hornier?" contest
and we spilled massage
oil all over ourselves.
Nice pajamas.
Can we use your shower?
That's not a memory.
That's from a porn movie.
Not just any movie.
That's the exact
scene from...
Never mind.
The point is
it could happen.
And if it did,
and I didn't look
my absolute best
for those greasy
sluts,
I'd regret it forever.
(MARSHALL SNICKERS)
I'm sorry, dude,
but that is just the most
ridiculous sleeping attire
I've ever seen in
my life. Anyway...
Marshall's
wearing a nightgown!
Hey, guys, you know how in
the future we're always
saying,
"Remember
when Marshall
wore a nightgown?"
This is that time!
It's a nightshirt.
You can
call it a Ninja Star
Danger Jock if you want,
doesn't make you any
less of a cross-dresser.
Whatever, dude. It's comfy.
BARNEY: Uh-huh?
Mmm-hmm.
So, flying to Neverland
with Peter and Tink,
was that amazing?
Ooh! Let me go next!
Was it nice
to finally get out
of that crowded bed
and take Charlie to
the chocolate factory?
Ooh! Me, me, me, me!
Something about Scrooge!
Come on, guys.
I'm carrying the team.
I don't know.
I lived with Marshall
for 12 years.
Any time he's wearing
clothes at all, it's
a victory.
LILY:
Ted, show's
about to start!
Be right there!
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(MARSHALL GASPS)
Good morning, New York.
I'm...
Hey!
Whoa!
Marshall,
I just found Robin's
earring on your dresser.
Did you have something to
do with the other one
being in my bed?
What are you talking about?
You've always hated Karen.
You've
been telling me
to break up with her.
You did it. You put
the earring in my bed so
that Karen would find it.
No, Ted! No!
I would never...
Admit it!
There's nothing to admit!
Then why was Robin's
earring on your dresser?
He was accessorizing!
Marshall, I swear to God,
if you don't tell me the
truth right now...
Wait!
Marshall didn't do it.
I did.
I broke you and Karen up.
You broke me
and Karen up?
Are you insane?
What gives you
the right to do that?
Ted,
I did it for
your own good.
You just
weren't seeing
how awful she was.
She failed
the front porch test.
What's the front porch test?
Ted, you, me
and Marshall have been
best friends since college.
Think about how much
we all mean to each other.
So when
I picture the future,
I picture us all together.
How we'll all be retired,
sipping tea
on the front porch
of our beach house,
playing bridge all day.
Okay, bridges are wild.
Four of a bridge
beats a royal bridge.
I see your bridge,
and I raise you
three bridges.
Bridge! I win!
You have no idea how
to play bridge, do you?
We're gonna take a class.
It's important to stay
active.
So whenever
you've been dating
somebody for a while,
I do the
front porch test.
You know, how is this
person gonna fit in with
our group over the years?
And when I think
about Karen there...
Bridge! I win!
Fantastic.
Another game of bridge.
Don't read
a book or anything.
Look, dear, dolphins.
KAREN: They seem happy.
I guess the
chemical runoff from this
elitist beachfront property
hasn't rotted out
their blowholes yet.
It will.
That water
will kill you.
It is a toxic death trap.
I'm gonna take a dip.
I'll join you.
Karen failed
the front porch test.
She had to go.
I can't believe you did that.
Ted,
think about how awesome
you, me and Marshall are.
Seriously, think about it.
We're pretty awesome.
We're totally awesome!
So whoever you marry,
whoever joins Team Awesome,
the bar is set
pretty damn high.
Look, I'm not saying
what I did was right,
but...
You're better
off without her.
And if Clarence
the angel says it's
true, it must be true.
Okay, you know what?
Fine, make your little jokes.
Seriously,
why would you wear
something like that?
Lots of reasons.
I bet you can't name five.
One,
no need to wear
anything underneath.
I can vouch for that.
Will you cross your
legs, buddy?
Two, sexy.
I can vouch for that.
Will you uncross
your legs, buddy?
Three, my
grandpa Olaf wore one,
and he lived to be 107.
Four, no elastic waistband
leaving its judgmental
pink teeth marks
around my Thanksgiving belly.
And five, every night
when I go to sleep,
it's the freest,
most wonderful
feeling in the world.
I feel like I'm flying.
(CHEERFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
So that's how I go
to bed every night,
happy, weightless,
with a heart full
of joy.
What about you?
I have to
lie perfectly still so I
don't wrinkle my suit-jamas.
But at least I'm
not wearing a dress.
(SIGHS) So, how mad are you?
I don't know. I mean,
I guess if you guys
feel that strongly
about Karen,
then maybe it
was for the best.
I really am sorry.
I hated
doing that again,
but Karen had to go.
Again? Wait. How many times
have you broken me up with
a girlfriend?
Never! Six.
Like who?
No one! Angie.
Sophomore year.
She was just using
you to get back at her ex,
and you clearly didn't see it,
so one day when
she was taking
a nap...
Creed?
Oh, my God, I have
to break up with her.
So that's where
my Creed CD went.
Who else?
Remember that
weird sci-fi girl
who wanted you
to propose after,
like, two months?
You barely even liked her, but
you were still thinking about
it, so...
(SCI-FI MUSIC PLAYING)
Listen, Ted, you're great,
and this is so difficult,
but I think
we're looking
for different things.
So, live long and prosper.
Whatever.
(ROARING)
That was you?
This is insane!
Ted, I did those
things to help you.
You're a commitment junkie.
You fall in love
with these women
even if they
don't deserve you.
What if one of those
women was supposed to be
the mother of my children?
If there was ever the
tiniest chance of that,
I swear I didn't do anything.
Like with Victoria or Stella.
Or Robin.
Robin, Robin...
Did you break us up, too?
Stop talking to me
like I'm your enemy!
You weep for these women,
but you have the luxury
of not knowing what I know,
that those breakups,
while tragic,
probably saved you
from a crappy and very
expensive first marriage.
Did you break
me and Robin up?
You don't
want the truth
because deep down,
you want me out there
watching out for you.
And deep down, you know
that none of those women
were ever gonna be the
mother of your children.
Did you break
me and Robin up?
I did what I had to do.
Did you break
me and Robin up?
You're damn right I did!
Marshall, your grandpa Olaf
was a wise man.
(MARSHALL SIGHS)
You broke me and Robin up?
No, it's not...
I cannot believe this.
I need another drink.
You know, I feel
a little breeze
down there.
It's nice.
You think that's something?
Stand over this heating vent.
It's like
your junk is on
a tropical island.
Little Barney says,
"Mahalo."
Mmm-hmm.
Seriously,
what is wrong
with you, Lily?
How could you do that?
I did this
because I care about you!
I am so glad that is
the one you watched!
Dear God,
what happened to you?
You didn't watch my show?
Oh! The show. Sorry.
Something special
happen?
(SIGHS) Same old same-old.
Lily just told us that
she broke you and me up.
What? Broke us up?
What does that even mean?
And why
are these guys
wearing nightgowns?
Nightshirt.
It's a nightshirt.
It's called
a nightshirt, Robin.
Turns out Lily
has taken it upon
herself to sabotage
many of my relationships,
including ours.
No. Robin was different.
I didn't want you two
to break up,
but you wanted completely
different things out of life
and refused
to deal with it.
I could just
picture that
front porch.
Hmm. Two of hearts.
Just like the hearts
of the two children
I never had
because my lovely wife
hates kids.
Mmm, a deuce.
Exactly what my career dropped
once I decided to settle down
and marry Ted.
Bridge! I win.
Well, I do not like
that scenario one bit.
All I tried
to do was get you guys
to talk about your issues.
I didn't know I was
feeding you the words
that would lead
to your breakup.
Hey, here's a fun question,
just for fun.
Where do you see
yourself in five
years?
You know what's fun?
Fun questions.
Where do you see
yourself in five
years?
Where do you see
yourself in five
years?
Where do you see yourself?
Not
to put words
in your mouth,
but you probably
want to be married.
I probably
You probably want to
be in Tokyo or Paris.
I probably want
to be in Argentina.
Argentina?
Or Tokyo or Paris.
We have
an expiration
date, don't we?
Oh, my God.
Lily,
you can't manipulate
people like that!
I've known you 12 years,
and I can honestly say,
I have never been
more furious at you!
Look, I didn't mean to...
I was just...
No!
I don't even
want to hear it!
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Settle down!
Let's just settle down!
Now, I have one question.
What do these bad
boys feel like in bed?
Come on. Let's go see.
So, if it weren't for you,
Ted and I might still be
dating?
Or you
would have stayed
together far too long,
had
an incredibly
bitter breakup
and not even
remained friends,
and then
you and I would never
have become best friends.
Don't even say that.
Okay?
Stop hugging!
Lily, you had no right
to interfere in my
relationships.
You got lucky. Okay?
You met the love of your life
in a dorm hallway when you
were 18.
But that doesn't give
you the right to play
God
to the rest of us
mortals down here
who are still
looking for someone.
You're so concerned about
who you and Marshall are
gonna end up
on that front porch with.
Well, you know what?
You can have it to
yourselves.
(DOOR SLAMS)
What happened
to your jacket?
Soot, bread crumbs, placenta.
Did you at least TiVo it?
(SIGHS)
So, you're this
comfy every night,
and Lily still
has sex with you?
Yeah. That's what
marriage is all about,
man, unconditional love.
You can wear
whatever you want
and still get laid.
Tell me more
about being married.
Well, sometimes,
when you're married,
you wake up to the smell of
breakfast already on the
table.
And coffee, too?
And coffee, too.
Sometimes,
she'll even put out a
vase of freshly cut flowers.
I love flowers.
(MARSHALL CHUCKLES)
And sometimes, when you're
worried you've made all
the wrong decisions in life,
and you're not nearly
the man you want to be,
what does she do then?
Well, she tells
you that you're great
and it's all gonna be okay.
(CHUCKLES) That's wonderful.
And she'll help you find
other girls to have sex
with?
I mean, I guess.
Maybe
if you agreed upon
that beforehand, yeah.
Mmm.
Little guy had a big day.
We'll talk about it tomorrow.
Sweet dreams, slugger.
(CHEERFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
OLDER TED: The next night,
I was still angry at your
aunt Lily.
Until...
Hi.
Hi. What are you...
Lily came by and
explained everything.
And she gave me
this note for you.
(TED SIGHS)
LILY: "Ted, I'm sorry.
"It doesn't matter
to me who you marry.
"I know they'll be awesome
because they'll think you are.
"To show I mean it,
"I put together
a little surprise for
you and Karen upstairs.
"Love, Lily."
MARSHALL: "P.S.
Sorry the envelope
was already open.
"I had to read what
she wrote. Marshall."
Sabotaging our relationship?
I got to say,
even using
the specially-ordered,
extra-low bar by which I
judge your friends,
Lily really outdid
herself this time.
Obviously,
we can't ever
see her again.
I know.
It's a big loss, right?
Hey,
remember your
old college roommate?
He was married to that
shrill, little idiot girl.
Marshall.
Oh, it's been so long.
God, I hated him.
Anyway, here's his obituary.
And I realized,
maybe it shouldn't
matter what my friends
think of my girlfriend,
but it sure as hell
matters what
my girlfriend
thinks of my friends.
Wow. So you ended it?
Yeah.
So if you want
to be my plus one,
Lily's a damn good cook.
ROBIN: Mmm!
Beef pot pie, mac and cheese,
homemade buttermilk biscuits.
Wow, no wonder
Marshall dies at 68.
(ROBIN LAUGHS)
Thank you.
OLDER TED:
So, Robin and I
enjoyed a gourmet dinner.
Well, for her
it was breakfast.
And we ended up
doing exactly what Lily
wanted us to do all along,
we talked about
our relationship.
So,
Lily broke
us up, sort of.
Yeah.
Kind of makes you wonder.
I mean,
if it weren't for her,
would we still be
dating right now?
Maybe.
But
Lily was right.
We weren't ready.
We both needed to move on,
do our own thing.
Still do, I guess.
Mmm-hmm.
We should make a pact.
If the years go by,
and we both turn 40,
and we're still single, we...
Robin Scherbatsky,
will you be my backup wife?
A girl always dreams
of hearing those words.
Yes! Yes!
A million times, yes!
(ROBIN GIGGLING)
(SOFTLY) Thank you.
All right, it's a deal.
Yeah.
(BOTH EXCLAIM)
(CLEARING THROAT)
So, should we set up
some ground rules for this?
Okay, like what?
I don't know. Like neither
one of us can get super fat.
Stuff like that.
Okay, I only have one,
you can't wear a nightshirt.
I will never
wear a nightshirt.
Thank God.
(DOORBELL RINGING)
(GRUNTS)
Never mind.
No!